Project Title
 Technologies 
Domain
 Student-Teacher Booking Appointment
 HTML, CSS, JS, and Firebase
 Education
 Project Difficulties level Easy
 Problem Statement:
 Booking appointment systems, either online or through traditional queueing 
systems, are now popular. Several businesses, such as scheduling an appointment, 
employ various Web-based appointment systems for their patients, which improve 
the efficiency of the appointment process, reducing patient wait times and 
increasing the total number of patients treated. This research proposes a web
based appointment booking system that allows students and lecturers to be aware 
of their appointment time regardless of where they are by using the web or mobile 
devices. By connecting to the Internet, students and instructors can easily access 
the system. It also permits students to send any message, including the 
appointment's purpose and timing.
 System Modules 
Admin
 Add Teacher
 Name, Department, subject, etc
 Update/Delete Teacher
 Approve Registration Student
Teacher
 Login
 Schedule Appointment
 Approve/cancel Appointment
 View Messages
 View All Appointment
 Logout
 Student
 Register
 Login
 Search Teacher
 Book Appointment
 Send Message
 Project Evaluation metrics:
 Code: 
You are supposed to write a code in a modular fashion
 Safe: It can be used without causing harm.
 Testable: It can be tested at the code level.
 Maintainable: It can be maintained, even as your codebase grows.
 Portable: It works the same in every environment (operating system) 
You have to maintain your code on GitHub.
 You have to keep your GitHub repo public so that anyone can check your code. 
Proper readme file you have to maintain for any project development. 
You should include basic workflow and execution of the entire project in the 
readme file on GitHub 
Follow the coding standards.
 Database: 
You are supposed to use FireBase.
 Logging: 
Logging is a must for every action performed by your code, use the JavaScript 
or python logging library for this. 
Deployment: 
You can host your model in the cloud platform, edge devices, or maybe local, 
but with a proper justification of your system design. 
Solutions Design: 
You have to submit complete solution design strategies in LLD document 
System Architecture: 
You have to submit a system architecture design in your wireframe document 
and architecture document. 
Optimization of solutions: 
Try to optimize your solution on code level, architecture level, and mention all 
of these things in your final submission. 
Mention your test cases for your project.
 Submission requirements: 
Project code:
 You have to submit your code to the GitHub repo and you have to share the repo 
link at final submission of your project. 
Detail project report:
 You have to create a detailed project report and submit that document as per the 
given sample. 